[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>JIMMY CHURCH: Welcome.
I'm Jimmy Church.
You've probably seen me on Into
the Vortex right here on Gaia.
And I'm honored to be sitting in
for George Noory on this episode
of Beyond Belief.
Today's guest is
Mike Ricksecker,
author of over a dozen
books on the paranormal
and ancient mysteries.
And today, he's here to talk
about his new book, Portals
to the Stars, and the idea
that ancient civilizations once
used Earth's energy to access
real portals and stargates.
Mike, welcome to the show.
>>MIKE RICKSECKER:
Thanks, Jimmy.
Great to be back here
on Beyond Belief.
>>CHURCH: Let's
go deep right now.
What is the difference between
a portal and a stargate?
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah, absolutely.
So a portal, these are
naturally occurring phenomenon
across the universe
that are basically
gateways to other
locations, whether it's
across the cosmos, could
be to another dimension,
could even be to
another point in time.
A stargate is an
intelligent being's ability
to harness the power of a
portal and use it at their will.
And when I say
intelligent being,
I don't just mean human,
that could be maybe
it's extraterrestrial
beings or interdimensional
beings across the
universe that could also
be harnessing this as well.
>>CHURCH: Then we have vortex.
And these terms, I think,
are a little freely used
inside of the community without
a really firm understanding
or definition about
what these things are.
And then we throw in
vortex, what's a vortex?
>>RICKSECKER: And you're right.
We do freely use a lot
of these different terms.
So a vortex is really what
the energy is creating.
When I mean energy I'm talking
about the Earth's energy.
And we have to go
all the way back down
to the core of the
Earth when we start
talking about this, a molten
ball of iron spinning around
and around, creating
the magnetic shield
that protects our planet.
And this is a good thing
because it does protect us
from the harmful rays of the sun
and all these different things.
But as it's rising up through
the mantle and the crust
of the Earth, it's interacting
with different metals
and minerals in
different quantities.
And as it's rising up, it's
creating that vortex effect,
which is really if you think
of a tornado or a whirlpool
or something like this,
this is that type of energy
that's spiraling up
from the Earth's core.
And depending on that metal or
mineral and the quantity of it,
it creates these different
localized electromagnetic fields
where interesting things happen.
>>CHURCH: Now, with your
background intelligence,
the Air Force, certainly
working with the NSA,
allows you to approach things
a little bit differently when
you're investigating
and researching.
So throwing in that
background, what
was the inspiration for
writing a book like Portals
to the Stars?
>>RICKSECKER:
Portals to the Stars
is really a culmination
of many years of work
that I've been conducting
for a long, long time,
really dating back
to those years
that I was in Alaska when I was
in the United States Air Force.
I started noticing
across the world,
and a lot of other researchers
have at these different,
what we call hotspot locations.
A lot of these different
strange phenomena occur.
So over the past
several years, I've
been conducting tours
to Egypt and really got
fascinated by the stargates
and stargate symbolism that
are littered throughout Egypt.
And I was originally
going to write
a book called Energized
Earth to really talk
about the Earth energy.
But the last time that I
was out there in Egypt,
it's one of those
where the land inspires
you to do different things.
And I got inspired
to OK, I'm going
to talk about the Earth
energy and energized Earth
within this book.
But this is the time
right now to talk
about portals and
stargates, where
we find these in the
world, and how we
may be able to use these today.
>>CHURCH: How does reality
get involved with this
because if you have a pragmatic
investigative intelligence
background versus getting into
this ancient civilizations,
portals, vortexes, time travel,
stargates, and then having this
represented through
cross-culturally
around the world, how do these
two realities mix with you?
And how are you able to accept
the possibility of a portal
and a vortex and a stargate?
>>RICKSECKER: Well, what's
interesting about that
is when you look at
a lot of the material
that science has been
providing of late,
they are acknowledging
that portals do exist.
You have a lot of
material from NASA
that's come out over
the last 10 to 15 years
where outside the planet, they
talk about portals in space.
And when they first
announced this,
they did say, yes,
these are portals.
They ended up calling
them X points.
Now they have other terms
that they're starting to use.
They're trying to break away
from that portal terminology,
but they have
acknowledged that, yes,
these are portals in space
that are allowing protons
and electrons from the sun
to enter into the Earth much,
much faster.
And we see that
even other sciences
are starting to do things like
create portals and wormholes
and things like this in the lab.
>>CHURCH: Now, portals
transporting particles
and protons is one
thing, but can that
be expanded into a
body, an entity, or even
say, a spacecraft?
>>RICKSECKER: Absolutely.
I mean, we're talking
about the building blocks
of this type of technology.
And when you have in the
lab that they are actually
on a quantum level
at this point,
creating two miniature
black holes, connecting them
with a wormhole.
I mean, this is really just our
modern beginnings of something
I believe the ancients were
already doing thousands
and thousands of years ago.
When that experiment was
made public, immediately
the press was asking,
well, can you send a living
being through that?
They actually used the example,
can you just send a dog through?
And at this point, no, we're
sending messages back and forth,
and things like this.
But this is the end game
to be able to send humans
and humanity through this portal
or stargate to somewhere else.
>>CHURCH: Now, that's
modern science.
Our level of understanding
grows every single day,
and we start to look at
the possibilities of this.
Interdimensional has become
a buzzword, for sure.
But the ancients
appeared to be doing
exactly this, where they
were transporting and moving
around the planet.
It's one thing to have something
that's artificially created out
in space and science
working on that today,
but it appears that this
was happening naturally
back in ancient history,
or did the ancients
create these portals?
>>RICKSECKER: I
believe what they
were doing was they were
harnessing that energy that
was already there.
And when we talk
about going back
to what NASA has
acknowledged here,
that interaction of the
solar wind and the magnetism
of the Earth to
create these portals.
Now they're recognizing
that out in space.
Well, the Earth's magnetism
and the solar wind
are interacting with each other
all the way down to the ground.
So we have different
naturally occurring portals
all over the world on the
ground, also in the air.
And I believe that the
ancients recognized this,
that you had these energetic
locations that they could
detect, they could harness.
That's why they
were building things
like the pyramids in
the stone circles,
and these things was so that
they could harness that energy
in the ground for a lot
of different things,
and not just the portals.
These were healing
centers, these
were places of entering
altered states of worship
and these different solar
alignments and things
like this, but also for
opening these portals.
>>CHURCH: Did they use
it for transportation?
>>RICKSECKER: I believe so.
We find too many
coincidences across the globe
where you have pyramids, Chichén
Itza, the step pyramid there
at Saqqara that look
really, really similar.
You have symbolism all
across the world, cultures
that were not
supposed to, according
to traditional
academia, they were not
supposed to have had any
connection to each other.
But we find the
symbol of the spirals
all over the world, which is
the ancient symbol for portal.
You have the pine cones,
you have the handbags, all
of these different things
all over the world that they
were not supposed
to be connected,
but you can see they are.
Otherwise, how would
we be finding this
in so many different locations?
>>CHURCH: The representation
of doorways apparently going
to nowhere, that don't make
any sense with every culture
on the planet throughout
ancient history,
were these markings of
a geographical location,
or was this truly an
entrance to a portal?
And if it was, how
did you enter it?
Did you say magic words?
Was there something
else involved?
>>RICKSECKER: I believe
there are multiple methods.
The idea of saying magic
words is interesting.
It's not like abracadabra, open
sesame, or something like that,
but words have power,
words have a resonance.
When those words are vocalized,
those tones are coming out
of your mouth, it's
creating a vibration,
it's creating a
resonance toward whatever
object is in front of you.
So yes, when we talk
about maybe some chant
or something like
this, then yeah,
that could be
opening some doorway.
The prime example for me
that this really hit home
was Drombeg Stone Circle in
Ireland, a smaller stone circle.
And when you stand in the middle
of this thing and you just talk,
you hear this amazing resonance
come right back at you.
It's almost like you're
in a bubble or almost
like a fishbowl effect thing.
But I just thought
back to, OK, this thing
is thousands of years old.
Not all the stones are
here, and I'm just talking.
Now imagine this thing
in its full glory,
all the stones are there,
they're not weathered down,
and you're doing
some sort of chant.
This is going to have
an effect on whomever
is within that circle.
So this could have been used for
healing, could have been used
to open these sorts of portals.
>>CHURCH: Today when we
talk about technology,
we think of something easy, like
a cell phone or the internet,
television.
But when we come into
that aspect of it
and we look at ancient history,
let's go with the A word,
Atlantis, for instance,
was that technology
to them not
necessarily a hardware
based technology, but something
that was maybe more mental?
What we would call
magical today,
was that their
technology and they just
went down a different
technological path than we did?
>>RICKSECKER: I think that's
what happened is traditional
academia today, when we start
talking about the ancients
having quote unquote,
"high technology,"
and they get spooked by that
because when they think of high
technology, they're thinking
cell phones, computers,
these sorts of things.
And in our community,
when we refer
to ancients having
high technology,
we're not talking about
cell phone and computers
and these sorts of things, it
was a different technology.
Their civilization grew
up differently than ours.
When that civilization
was wiped out
by the great cataclysm, or at
least the last great cataclysm
because there have been
many over the millennia,
we came up in our way, just a
different path that we took.
So yes, their technology
that they had back
then could have
been more mental,
we could look at it
almost like magic.
They were using sound
technology or a different way
to use magnetics and
electromagnetism.
We see, like in ancient Egypt,
a lot of these different wall
friezes where the priests are
using the scepters to do things
like raise up the temple.
Well, that could have
been a technology
that the ancient Atlanteans
had, that if we were to go back
in time instead of seeing
scaffolding around a building,
we might see a bunch
of guys and gals
with these scepters raising up
blocks that are floating in air.
>>CHURCH: When we look at
typical media presentations
of what a wormhole or stargate
or portal may look like,
it differs from the description
that we see in ancient texts
and so forth.
But when you look at the movie
Interstellar, that wormhole,
the entrance to
that was a sphere.
It was a ball.
It wasn't the entrance
to a tunnel, if you will.
Can you explain the
differences with that
and how an entrance to
a portal may look like?
>>RICKSECKER: Absolutely, yeah.
Because prior to
Interstellar, most films
like Contact or
the film Stargate,
even Star Wars will show a
tunnel going to someplace.
So Kip Thorne, who's a
world renowned physicist,
consulted on Interstellar
with Christopher Nolan.
And this is basically how he
presented a wormhole would
really look like in space.
Because if you take
Einstein-Rosen bridge,
you're folding space and time
to bring two points together
and connect them
through a tunnel.
And so we traditionally see
that as basically this long tube
in space that has
a circular opening.
>>CHURCH: It's an
easy thing to imagine.
>>RICKSECKER: It's an
Stargate had the
big circle, and you
walk through the water
that's in the middle of it,
and you get whisked off
through this tunnel.
Absolutely.
But a circle, you take that
two dimensional representation
and we're in 3D space,
that becomes a sphere.
So they call it a
spherical hole, and that's
what we would be traveling
through to these other places
in the cosmos or
other dimensions.
>>CHURCH: Now this is
where it connects directly
into our community,
in my opinion.
We have orbs all over the place.
And the ancients which have
talked about these orbs
would reference a
spiritual connection
to that, which is
also easy to do.
It's the level of knowledge
that you have at that time.
Could these orbs that we see
not only in the sky and maybe
see it as an energy
ship, could these
be portals that are
right in front of us?
>>RICKSECKER: Absolutely,
and this is one of the points
that I make in
Portals to the Stars,
is that taking this
concept of the spherical
hole that many of these
orbs that are seen
could be alongside Sasquatch,
ETs out in the forest,
these sorts of things.
Yes, up in the sky.
Just recently here
with the drone flap,
and I know our government
said, well, that was us.
Well, they never addressed
a lot of these people,
even government
officials are saying,
I'm seeing the drones come
out of these balls of light
in the sky.
These would be the
portals for these craft
to come in and out of.
Absolutely.
>>CHURCH: I've seen one
orb and it was, as you say,
it was two dimensional
and it was large.
Now, when it appeared
in front of us,
there was about 75 other
people there, we all saw it,
and it was probably
50 yards away.
It was maybe 40 feet tall,
it grew in front of us,
but it was two
dimensional, like a coin.
It was flat, gray at night, and
it's right there in front of us.
Should I have ran and
jumped through that?
>>RICKSECKER: I get
asked the question a lot.
I saw portal in front of
me, would I walk through it?
And my answer is
always yes, but.
And that but is, I'm
going to leave a note
and let you know what
I'm doing and where
I think I might be going because
there are too many people that
get lost in the
woods and you have
no idea what happened to them.
And we speculate, did they go--
Sure, some of them could
have gotten eaten by a bear,
but did some of these people
actually pass through a portal?
Because some of
them do come back
and they will say things like
I was walking in the woods
and I'm on the path, I heard
a noise off to the side of me.
I wanted to go check it out,
took two steps off the path,
took a look and
didn't find anything
that would have made the noise.
Turn around and get back on
the path, the path is gone.
What happened to it?
And now I'm lost in the woods.
So yeah, did they step
through a portal to somewhere,
to maybe another place
within the wilderness
or to another point in time?
It's possibly the case.
So yes, I would walk
through that portal,
but let people know
where I'm going.
>>CHURCH: The portal
phased out in front of us,
it lasted for maybe 15 or 30
seconds and then was gone.
And I thought to myself,
first off, OK, it's
my first experience,
but it's obviously real.
We've heard too many experiences
and encounters and testimony
over the years about exactly
what we just witnessed witness.
And you have to back up and
say, well, wait a minute.
This was an invitation,
it was right there
and then it just went away and
none of us took the invitation.
The other part is,
what if something
would have stepped out of it?
Could governments use
portals like this?
Could they be accessing--
In almost a Stargate fashion,
referencing the TV series,
of course, is this an easy
way to get from point A
to point B over vast
distances instantly?
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah, that's the
whole idea of these portals
and stargates and whatever other
term you want to use for them.
This is the idea to be able to
travel those vast distances.
It could be to somewhere
else on the planet,
could be to another
place in the cosmos,
could be to another dimension
or even another point in time.
That is exactly what we
would be using this for.
>>CHURCH: The other aspect,
when we look at orbs and portals
moving and appearing and
disappearing in front of people
that there might be an
intelligence behind this
or they may be sentient
or conscious itself.
Is that possible?
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah,
I think there's
a variety of different orbs
that we are talking about.
So I do believe
some are actually
the portal that these beings are
using to travel back and forth.
I've also experienced
orbs that did
seem to have their own
sentient nature about them.
I had an experience
where early on in
the evening, this was at a
Hinsdale house in New York,
around the Finger Lakes area,
and it was just bouncing around
in the woods.
We couldn't go back
there because it
was somebody else's property.
And we were trying to
call, hey, come closer?
That thing.
Didn't come closer.
Later on in the evening,
we're down there
by the fire pit
and just chatting.
And all of a sudden,
down from the woods
come all these little sprinkles
of light, all these little balls
of light.
And now this is an area that
we're talking New York, late
September.
I've told this story, people
say, well, were they fireflies?
And blue fireflies do
exist in the Carolina's.
Blue fireflies.
>>CHURCH: Blue fire--
>>RICKSECKER: They're rare,
but they do exist down
in the Carolina's in June.
This was late
September in New York.
And with all these little
lights coming down,
and we're down there
on our hands and knees
trying to communicate with
them because they're doing
really interesting things.
Some of them were
twinkling in the night.
Some of them were slowly
morphing into existence,
and then they're
dissipating away.
So they had a really, really
interesting nature about them,
and they seemed very,
very interactive as well.
>>CHURCH: Was it physical
or was it energy?
>>RICKSECKER: They seemed
physical in nature, the
that they were moving about.
But then when we're down
on our hands and knees,
looking at the ones on
the ground trying to see,
is this some bug or something?
Got the flashlights
out and all that.
Nothing, there is
no bug or anything.
>>CHURCH: How do
you explain that?
>>RICKSECKER: What I
used to say some years
ago was the big
blue ball of light
out in the woods, maybe that was
all of them bunched up together,
whatever it was.
And they unformed
from that great ball
and came down to visit us.
But over the past several years,
doing more of this research
into portals, stargates, and
the nature of these energy orbs,
like this possibly
being portals, I mean,
that blue ball of
light could have
been the portal for
these other little beings
to come down that we might
even call them fairies.
>>CHURCH: What
about this happening
in front of other people,
like Alaska's Mount Marathon
Race that may have had a
portal disappearance right
there in front of everybody?
How do you explain that?
>>RICKSECKER: This was
really, really bizarre.
Back in 2012, the Mount
Marathon Race, Michael Lemaitre,
right in the middle
of a very public race,
he'd gotten up to
the checkpoint.
You have different
checkpoints along the way,
got to the top of
the mountain there
and nobody ever saw him
again after that checkpoint,
completely disappeared.
They had the state
troopers come out,
they had the dogs come
out, sniff around all this.
Search went on for weeks,
nothing was ever found.
People were starting to wonder,
did he fall off the path,
break a leg, end
up in a crevasse
somewhere, these things?
Nothing was ever found of him.
Disappeared in the
middle of a public race.
>>CHURCH: Last night you
and I went to dinner.
Two grown men having dinner
in a nice restaurant,
and we talked about
fairies all night long.
And I said to you, I do
what I do, I am what I am.
But fairies are real.
>>RICKSECKER: They are.
>>CHURCH: And your
response was, they are.
And we started to
talk about this.
Now, fairies, and I shared a
story with you of a photograph
that I saw of what appeared
to be crystal clear,
I don't think there was
a question about it.
It was who was it?
But of a fairy inside of
an orb of a bubble that you
would blow with a bubble wand.
A bubble with a
fairy inside of it
that was taken right next
to where I was sitting.
This is an experience
that is shared by so many.
Have people interacted with
fairies and have fairies
pulled people into these
portals into fairy land?
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah,
these are stories
that we've been hearing for
hundreds, if not thousands
of years, just in a
variety of different forms.
And we have today the
ET abduction scenarios
where people get taken
onto the mothership.
Jack Vallée wrote Passport
to Magonia, fantastic work.
And he pointed out
that we've actually
been hearing these stories
just in a different fashion.
And so the ancient
fairy lore, great story
out of Wales, Rhys
and Llewellyn.
And they're walking down the
road after working in the fields
one day, they have
a horse with them,
and Rhys started hearing
some music off in the woods,
and he wanted to
go check it out.
And he's telling
Llewellyn, go on ahead,
I'll be with you
in a few minutes.
So Llewellyn was a
little skeptical.
All right, but fine.
I'll go.
And so he heads back.
Rhys does not show
back up that night.
And the next morning, the
owners of the property, wherever
Rhys and Llewellyn
were working, starts
asking Llewellyn,
what happened to Rhys?
He didn't show up.
And Llewellyn says, well,
he went to check out
the music in the woods.
And immediately they're
skeptical of this.
They think maybe Llewellyn
has done something to Rhys,
maybe he's murdered him
or something like this.
And Llewellyn said, no,
no, no, I will take there.
So they all go to this
spot where Rhys disappeared
and they're
searching around, not
find anything,
not find anything.
Finally, Llewellyn starts
hearing the music a little bit
and he steps into the
woods and all of a sudden
before him is Rhys and
he's dancing around
with these little folk,
having a great time.
And Llewellyn is like,
what are you doing?
You need to come.
And Rhys is like, what
are you talking about?
I just got here.
No, you've been gone for a day.
Rhys had only been
like five minutes
and wouldn't believe Llewellyn.
So basically, he
had to drag him out
of this very circle,
which really, I
believe, because of this
different abstract of time,
was really some other
dimension in time and space
where time would
work differently.
>>CHURCH: So I should have
jumped through that orb,
is what you're saying?
But this sounds
natural to me where
I don't know if
it's geographical,
if there's ley lines, if
it's different crystals
and quartz in the ground,
or it could be granite,
it could be a lot
of different things,
but these are
natural occurrences
that are happening
out in the wilderness.
And one would say, OK, all
right, it sounds supernatural.
It just doesn't
sound quite right.
But then we have Bigfoot
and we have these reports,
one after another of a portal,
an orb, a vortex, and a Bigfoot
sighting.
Do you think they're connected?
>>RICKSECKER: I absolutely do.
People get a little put off
by the term supernatural.
And Dr. Hans Holzer, who coined
the term ghost hunter way back
in the 1950s, '60s wrote
over 150 books, did a lot,
a lot of research in the area.
And a quote that
I love from him is
that there is no supernatural
world, everything that exists
is natural.
And I love that
because it's so true.
These experiences that
we're having that we dub
"supernatural," they are
just more rare occurrences
of something that is very
natural that is happening here.
So when we start talking about
Sasquatch, extraterrestrials,
fairies, these are things that
are very natural to our universe
that we just don't normally see.
>>CHURCH: So is it just
outside of our frequency range,
on our time scale, but it's
just existing around us,
we just need a way to get there?
There could be something
right here with us right now?
>>RICKSECKER: Essentially, yeah.
Oh, there are all kinds of
things around us right now.
We only seem to a
very, very narrow band
of the entire spectrum.
When you look at your
dogs and your cats,
we know that they are able
to see and hear things much,
much better than we.
So when your cat staring
up in the corner,
is it looking at
something that we can't?
And so, yes, things resonate
at different frequencies.
The human standing resonance
is only between 9 and 16
hertz, but much more expansive
throughout the entire universe
of what's really out there.
So yeah, it's a matter of tuning
into the correct frequency,
whether that is
to use some portal
to go to another dimension
or another point in time.
I covered a lot of this in
my time travel work as well.
>>CHURCH: So with
your background,
intelligence, investigations,
the Air Force, secret agent,
all that stuff that
you have is a very
pragmatic, black and white
way to approach things.
But then we have regressions
and hypnotic sessions,
and you brought us the
audio of a session that
involves two of our subjects
that we're talking about right
now, Sasquatch and portals.
Tell me about that.
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah, absolutely.
So this particular session,
these are two QHHT practitioners
that neither one of
which had any interest
whatsoever in Sasquatch.
So Katherine Swinn was running
this particular session,
and Elis Joudalova
was the subject
that was being regressed.
And what came out of this
about Sasquatch and portals
is absolutely phenomenal.
>>CHURCH: So we
have the audio here.
Let's take a listen,
tell me what's happening.
>>ELIS JOUDALOVA: I'm
not going down as such,
it keeps me in this
weird funnel thing.
>>KATHERINE SWINN: And now
tell me about this funnel.
>>JOUDALOVA: It's purpley
pink, more like energy.
I feel like above it
or I'm looking down
and it goes thinner down.
And I can't perceive anything
around this funnel big tunnelly
thing.
>>SWINN: Is it still
or is it moving?
>>JOUDALOVA: It's
turning and spinning
and almost like if you were to
get sucked into the tornado.
>>SWINN: Is it like a wormhole?
>>JOUDALOVA: Yes.
Something like that.
>>SWINN: What are you
experiencing right now?
>>JOUDALOVA: I'm seeing
it as a physical body now.
>>SWINN: And how would
you describe your face?
>>JOUDALOVA: Half humanish,
half animalish, furry eyes,
their mouth is bit
more like human,
nose is bit more like animalish,
a little bit different.
>>SWINN: And what
are your eyes like?
>>JOUDALOVA: Brown quite--
It seems the face
is a bit furry.
I think something just
gone not as planned
and I ended up on Earth,
but in the physical body.
Or I'm just saying it's being
in this mountains or forest
on Earth and quite freaked out,
as in I'm in the body, which
is meaning everyone can
see me and I can hide,
but that's not helpful because
something that the mission is,
or what I need to
find out or look at
is this what is happening
with people still worried
that somebody will
see me, but I can't
do what I came there to do.
I'm just in a wrong
place, a bit lost.
>>SWINN: What do you do?
Where do you go next?
>>JOUDALOVA: Someone saw me,
some sort of hunters or someone
in a forest like
rangers or someone
got a big pistol baton thing,
I think he saw me, freaked out.
And he was there in
a car, like big Jeep.
I think he tried to shoot me,
and I was trying to run away.
But don't think I can run away
very easily because that's not
normally what--
I'm not used to
being in the body.
It's very heavy and slow.
>>SWINN: Do you get
a sense that they
knew that you were there, or
did you take them by surprise?
>>JOUDALOVA: No, they were
doing their hunting, I think.
And I just feel maybe
they thought I was--
>>SWINN: An animal.
>>JOUDALOVA: --animal.
>>CHURCH: You know what
it sounds like there
that for us humans and our
reality, this is shocking.
But for those that are using
this portal and this technology,
this is just Tuesday, this
is just a normal thing.
We were surprised they were not.
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah, it's
really, really fascinating,
and that whole session
is much more expansive.
Katherine has it up
on her YouTube channel
and it gets into a lot
of different aspects.
This portal system
that they were using,
and this is how they move
in and out of our world
into other dimensions.
There's a whole inner Earth
aspect to this where they live,
and they have
crystals there that
actually have knowledge of
the universe embedded with it.
It's really, really expansive.
And yeah, jumping into
these portals for them
and moving around like you
said is just like Tuesday.
>>CHURCH: So the ancients
have been doing this forever.
Is ET taking advantage of these
same ancient sites, and again,
just a normal way of traveling,
and then you throw in fifth,
sixth, seventh, eighth, 11th
dimension in another world,
another parallel dimension
alongside us that are using this
to go back and forth?
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah, absolutely.
Even our theoretical
physics has shown us
that we have up to 11
hyperspatial dimensions
0 through 10.
Our consciousness right now is
in the fourth dimension of time,
and then we have access to all
those other dimensions below us,
but 5, 6, 7, 8 onward.
I mean, we don't
really understand
as humans what exactly
are in those dimensions.
We have ideas, but
there are going
to be other beings and
other entities living
within those dimensions.
ETs, we might call
them if they are living
on this planet in
those other dimensions,
we call them ultraterrestrials
rather than extraterrestrials.
But extraterrestrials
outside of our planet
could be using this as well.
And you have to keep in mind
that the Earth in relationship
to the rest of the universe is a
lot younger, 4.5 billion years.
Intelligent life or
semi-intelligent life
has only been around for
a couple billion years
on this planet, where
other solar system's,
other planets out there have
billions and billions more,
honestly.
The universe is somewhere
around 14 billion years,
but there's actually a
recent scientific report that
came out here some
months back and said,
it might be closer
to 27 billion years.
So imagine if some civilization
had more than 20 billion years
ahead of us, they could be
doing a lot more than we
could even possibly imagine.
>>CHURCH: Is it possible
that time travel
comes into this and then an
Atlantean thousands of years ago
steps through and then
appears here in our timeline
and accessing a portal that way?
And I think that
Einstein certainly
addressed this possibility to as
well, would that surprise you?
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah.
Einstein with his idea of
the block universe, and that
was part of the premise for
my book, Travels Through Time,
where time doesn't really exist.
Past, present, and future
are all here concurrently.
And looking at time from the
fifth dimension and onward,
it's all one object.
So some intelligent being
that can take themselves out
of the fourth dimension
into these others
could access all of
those moments in time.
So could the
Atlanteans have done
something like that
thousands of years ago?
It's entirely possible.
Were their portals, their
stargates, actually,
methods of moving into
those other frames,
maybe there are survivors of
Atlantis that we haven't found
yet because they're going to
show up 1,000 years from now,
that's possible.
>>CHURCH: I have a neighborhood
watch app on my phone.
I live in a great
neighborhood in a great town.
But the point is, the
app is on my phone.
One of the things besides
missing dogs and cats, which
I get on the neighborhood
watch app all day long,
there are reports daily, if
not hourly of explosions.
Now I live in a very nice city.
But they're coming in
constantly, did you hear that?
That was an explosion.
Did you hear that?
And from the frequency that
this appears in the neighborhood
watch app, and I
am not in any way
exaggerating how
often this happens,
you would think we were
living in a war zone.
I don't hear them,
but other people are.
Is this an example of
portals and wormholes
opening and closing that
are happening locally,
and only a few people hear them?
>>RICKSECKER: There are a couple
of different things going on
here.
So there's also the mysterious
hum that a lot of people hear.
I hear that where I live at in
Ohio and throughout the world,
you have reports from
Wisconsin, from Ireland,
a lot of different locations.
I hear the mysterious hum,
some droning that's going on.
Is the government doing
something underground?
>>CHURCH: The tower hum.
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah, exactly.
And then, yes, you have
the phantom explosions.
We talked about it earlier
that drone flap in New Jersey,
which actually was
all over the world,
wasn't just New Jersey,
although there were a lot there.
There were reports of
phantom explosions as well.
So you have balls of light,
drones, phantom explosions,
all these different
things are going on.
Yeah, those phantom
explosions could very well
be the expulsion of the
energy to open these portals.
I had this happen
place that I lived
at in Maryland for a while,
Pasadena, Maryland, just
South of Baltimore.
And we would just be sitting
out there on lawn chairs,
enjoying the afternoon
or the evening,
you all of a sudden
hear this explosion
and you're looking, what
in the world is going on?
We used to joke around because
there was a little of a suspect
house on the one corner.
It was around the
time of Breaking Bad
and we were just joking around.
Oh yeah, they blew up a batch
of crack or something like that.
It was the crack
house boom explosion.
It blew up another batch
and that was just a joke.
But there was this one morning,
the bedroom was up on the second
floor, and it was just like
groggy time, 7:30, 8:00 AM,
something like this.
And all of a sudden, boom, there
was this massive explosion sound
right outside the
bedroom window,
and there was a telephone pole
with a transformer out there.
I'm thinking a
transformer blew up.
It was that loud,
that explosive.
I'm thinking power is
going to be out all day,
something happened.
I take a look out the
window, at the transformer,
it's perfectly fine.
Power hasn't gone out, there are
a couple people down the street.
They're looking up, looking
around, what the heck was that?
Explosion out of nowhere.
>>CHURCH: Heard
it, didn't see it.
>>RICKSECKER:
Didn't see a thing.
>>CHURCH: What about
Earth cosmically
being at the right
place at the right time,
and maybe having the energy to
open up a wormhole or a portal?
>>RICKSECKER: And
that's a great question,
because the universe
is ever expanding.
So what sort of fields
are we experiencing
as our planet is passing
through the greater universe?
There are all interstellar
gases and these things
that our solar system
would be interacting with.
Astronomers are discovering more
and more interstellar objects
that are coming into
our solar system.
So that's a viable
question, is there
something that we
might be running into
to create more energy here on
Earth that we can't control?
It's totally out of our
control because it's
the greater universe.
So that is something that
could certainly happen,
different magnetized
particles that we're
interacting with for sure.
>>CHURCH: Could the
sun be a stargate?
Could the sun be a portal?
There's been so many
reports of craft
entering and exiting
the sun, but we don't
see them traveling to the sun.
We only hear the reports
of these craft and things
leaving and entering,
but nothing from there,
is that a possibility?
>>RICKSECKER: It could
certainly be a possibility,
hard to confirm.
I mean, there's so much
energy coming out of the sun.
And it's interesting when did
a lot of my time travel work
and a couple of
ideas for science,
the scientists have come
up with about how can we
make time travel possible?
One of the ideas was we
could build a machine
and harness the power of the
sun into the machine, which
would blow up the planet so
inadvisable, but we could do it.
And so, yeah, it's possible
that energy from the sun
like that going to it
could project us somewhere.
I don't know if I would
advise trying it though.
>>CHURCH: All of this
reminds me of one
of my favorite personalities,
Ivan T. Sanderson
and his vile vortices.
What do you think?
>>RICKSECKER: The vile vortices,
he was onto something there,
absolutely.
And he was a biologist
by trade, but he
had a very, very firm interest
in the supernatural, organized
one of the very first
supernatural paranormal
societies.
He really got inspired by all
the reports of the Bermuda
Triangle and started looking
more and more and more
to this strange phenomena of the
Bermuda Triangle and discovered,
wait a minute, there
are other locations
around the globe that have this.
And so he came up with
his 12 vile vortices,
well, he had five
along the Tropic
of Cancer, the other along
the Tropic of Capricorn,
and then North and South Pole.
And what's great about that
and really fascinating,
is if you connect all the
dots throughout the globe,
it creates a perfect
icosagon, a 20-sided polygon.
So here you have
some sacred geometry.
And I say he was on to something
because it doesn't just
stop at the vile vortices.
It includes the Bermuda
Triangle, the Dragon Triangle,
some of these other really
hotspot areas across the globe,
but it excludes a
lot of other ones.
We know of a lot of
the phenomena happening
around the American Southwest,
Sedona and throughout that,
of course, the Alaska Triangle,
many, many other locations
across the world that the
vortices don't include.
So I think Sanderson's research
was one of those stepping blocks
to get to where we are today.
And the research
that we're doing now
is another stepping stone
to whatever they're going
to discover 50 years from now.
>>CHURCH: We don't have
to necessarily look
at the Bermuda Triangle
or other stuff that has
been spoken about in the past.
We have the MH370
disappearance that
happened in real
time for everybody
on this planet, a plane
that is still not located.
When I bring that up and we
talk about the possibilities
of portals or stargates
or vortices and vortexes,
this is in the modern age
of GPS and geolocation
and a modern airliner,
radar systems tracked
from when it took off
to just vanishing,
seemingly over the ocean.
When all of this should have
been tracked in real time,
and we still lost the
plane and it's still gone.
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah,
and that actually
wasn't too far from one of
Sanderson's vile vortices.
Yeah, and it is
fascinating that we
have all this modern
technology, satellites, GPS,
all these things and yet
we still lose airplanes,
just vanish out of nowhere.
Still happens in Alaska.
It is different these
days than say in 1950.
And you lose a Douglas
Skymaster up there in Alaska,
and the last thing he had
was a radio communication.
And now you're searching
around the whole area,
and we do suspect that
it may have disappeared
through some portal.
But there are too many questions
that you have to, OK, maybe.
But yeah, with
Malaysia 370, there's
too much modern technology
these days at our disposal
that we shouldn't
have lost that.
>>CHURCH: I'm not pointing
fingers at anybody or anything
specific there, but when
you have an engine, a jet
engine, and a leased
aircraft and you
have the telemetry,
real time monitoring
all of the systems on that
plane because it's leased,
it's covered under warranty.
And all of this is being
monitored in real time.
And suddenly, that telemetry
and that data collection
just stops with the
amount of satellites
that we have up to do just that,
it doesn't explain anything
at all to just say, we don't
know, it just disappeared.
It was in a section of
ocean that we don't cover.
We cover every square
inch of planet Earth,
but yet that plane
managed to disappear.
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah,
and if there was--
something faulty was going on
in the plane, the communication
from the plane back to
air traffic control, just
the automatic stuff, not just
the pilots radioing things in,
that data would have been sent
to air traffic control to,
OK, we're losing altitude,
none of that happened.
It's just gone.
>>CHURCH: Mike, another
fascinating conversation, and I
look forward to the next
one right here on the show.
>>RICKSECKER: Yeah, absolutely.
Thanks again so much, Jimmy.
It's been a
fascinating discussion.
>>CHURCH: I'm Jimmy Church,
and we'll see you next time
right here on Beyond Belief.
[THEME MUSIC]